README.md, before:

<!--
This README describes the package. If you publish this package to pub.dev,
this README's contents appear on the landing page for your package.

For information about how to write a good package README, see the guide for
[writing package pages](https://dart.dev/tools/pub/writing-package-pages).

For general information about developing packages, see the Dart guide for
[creating packages](https://dart.dev/guides/libraries/create-packages)
and the Flutter guide for
[developing packages and plugins](https://flutter.dev/to/develop-packages).
-->

TODO: Put a short description of the package here that helps potential users
know whether this package might be useful for them.

## Features

TODO: List what your package can do. Maybe include images, gifs, or videos.

## Getting started

TODO: List prerequisites and provide or point to information on how to
start using the package.

## Usage

TODO: Include short and useful examples for package users. Add longer examples
to `/example` folder.

```dart
const like = 'sample';
```

## Additional information

TODO: Tell users more about the package: where to find more information, how to
contribute to the package, how to file issues, what response they can expect
from the package authors, and more.

Commit message:

docs(README.md): update README.md
Better README.md for start

README.md, after:

# naolib_transit_service

An unofficial, public API to access Naolib's and Nantes Métropole's public transit data.

## Features

- Access real-time public transit data for Nantes Métropole.
- Fetch schedules, routes, and stop information.
- Easy integration with Flutter applications.

## Getting started

1. Add the package to your `pubspec.yaml` file:
   ```yaml
   dependencies:
     naolib_transit_service: ^0.0.1
   ```

2. Import the package in your Dart code:
   ```dart
   import 'package:naolib_transit_service/naolib_transit_service.dart';
   ```

3. Follow the documentation for usage examples.

## Usage

Here's a simple example of how to use the package to fetch transit data:

```dart
import 'package:naolib_transit_service/naolib_transit_service.dart';

void main() async {
  final transitService = NaolibTransitService();
}
```

## Additional information

TODO: Tell users more about the package: where to find more information, how to
contribute to the package, how to file issues, what response they can expect
from the package authors, and more.
